okay I'm gonna show you except your
Belkin Brewer with your ps3 how to make
it work perfect I mean get your not type
- you know and all that yeah there yeah
ah alright so basically yeah you want to
go to your pc laptop white baby on a
huge first year PC laptop I'm using
laptop Wireless cuz I'm not running on
wire from downstairs to upstairs don't
need not not running from my house so
you go to your internet browser on to
your internet tool box type in
192.168.20.10 mine 100 newest only about
it alright and he's gonna bring it to
your home page your balcony i you want
to login she's at the top login take it
to your login submit' ain't got password
so much as easy to me
okay yeah you wanna go to you you DMZ
which is on the firewall I click on the
DMZ and it comes up with a little box
saying status LP private IP and enable
yeah
all right static IP you can't change so
don't worry about that my private IP you
want to type in a hundred into that box
so just read that 192.168.20.10 the way
you don't man when it's running through
my voice all right click enable yeah so
check mark in the enable and then click
apply changes you want to apply these
changes yeah basically that's done now
why did ya go to wireless channel and
SSID so basically I change the channel
free cuz not many people used to channel
3 the default setting is 6 so it's like
everyone in the area might be using 6 it
might clear he's free use one that don't
interfere but the Xbox you can't use
channel above channel 11 my xbox on pick
it up for some reason
alright so you don't go to wireless mode
server you can see wireless mode which
is on that need SSID click on that and
I'll change mine to a or 2.11 G only the
default setting is a a or 2.11 B and a
or 2.11 G and a or 2.11 end ups free
don't use and it can use B or T but G's
fastest are UT only and you apply your
changes
and this is basically done now yeah on
your laptop now you go back to your ps3
yeah you go to network settings you go
to internet connection settings you go
to ok you got to custom you go to
wireless you go to scan using wild and
nope when you're doing this basically
you should be all done for bulking
typing your password
I kept using my password you know what
the fuck I live don't man
pop can't see any way to bright ahead so
this is done yeah IP address you in
about automatic yeah now in the IP
address remember we put in on the DMZ a
hundred into the private IP so now we
got it in private IP address you want to
type in 192.168.20.10 some netmask you
know type in no you don't type enough
and you don't change that leave that
alone
wanting to feel that default route ah
you want to change that to 192.168.20.10
saying this what I did yeah you don't
have to do this if you don't want to but
I recommend it yeah put in two oh eight
point six seven point two two two point
two two two and then secondary DNS two
oh eight point six seven point two two
two and I'm sorry to 200 and then last
one to two all as well and an MTU
automatic proxy server do not use UPnP
enable and test connection
I'm gonna test this connection yeah we
are
IP obtained your internet connection
obtained your PlayStation Network all
succeeded or succeeded at you PMP
available that type to which you want
and you got your download speeds and
your upload speeds yeah yours are gonna
be different all right
and hopefully this is a fix your problem
with your nap time free and you're not
type 2 with fragments which is bullshit
talk forever to get rid of that I find
that the way I've done I hope leads off
leads with your help any problems
leave me a message on YouTube or you can
message me on the ps3 which is X - big -
t - X just send me a message I'll get
back to you and I hope you enjoyed this
bulking loser and I think amend or in
one car my setup but most buttons are
the same so hopefully should help for
all of this alright nice one